we pay taxes we deserve basic civil
rights just like everyone else yeah but
I mean come on doesn't your race have a
rather sordid history of exploiting and
feeding off innocent people show me
documentation doesn't exist now that the
Japanese have perfected synthetic blood
which satisfies all of our nutritional
needs there is no reason for anyone to
fear us we just want to be part of
mainstream society law Americans don't
think you people deserve special rights
there's a reason things are the way they
are yeah it's called injustice
just let me have this one beer tonight
Jesus one beer that social I feel like
I'm trapped in some hillbilly's
oxycontin nightmare man cannot wait to
get the hell out of this podunk town
well make sure you do and before it's
too light because every year you lie you
just get more more suck yet believe me I
know she know what I was thinking that's
weird I'll get y'all some ketchup
guess what happened tonight you got a
date um no
a vampire came into the bar did he find
anybody I think he just wanted some
company you know how many people having
sex with vampires these days you would
be surprised people you know sometimes
those people disappear apparently
there's this vampire bar and tree fort
fantasia Fangtasia set up a date with
the vampire what do you have a death
wish you look like vampire bait so are
you saying you think I look nice I'll be
fine the fact that you think you'll be
fine only proves just how not fine you
gonna be vampires think about one thing
one thing on drinking your blood I think
we need to stop saying each other
ha
what are you I told you I'm sorry
you